Add Feature Documentation (#154)
odilia-app/odilia: CONTRIBUTING.md

Besides this, we do not have any specific contribution guidelines or codes of conduct for now, however most likely these will be fleshed out as Odilia matures more.

## How To Add A Feature

Odilia has a unique architecture which embeds alot of code into types.
Here is what you need to know if you want to add a new feature:

- [ ] Find the AT-SPI event that corresponds to the desired feature
    - Take a look at the docs for `common/events/` and try to find the right event.
    - For example, to create a feature that reads out changed text in an aria-live region, you would want the event `TextChangedEvent`.

> - [ ] Decide if there are any pre-requisites to the feature being triggerwd (think: focused window only, open tab only, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Decide if there are any prerequisites to the feature being triggered (think: focused window only, open tab only, etc.)
```

Spelling, consistency

- [ ] See if the prerequisite is already defined
    - Check out the `odilia/src/tower/cache_event.rs` file for types that implement the `Predicate` trait (defined in the `refinement` create).
- [ ] Decide what, if any, state is required for your feature (caret position, last focused item, etc.)
    - For example: to know if the current window is focused, the current window must be stored in the state of the screen reader.
- [ ] Check to see if we already have your state info as a type; you can check this at `odilia/src/state.rs`.

>     - If not, make a [newtype](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch19-04-advanced-types.html#using-the-newtype-pattern-for-type-safety-and-abstraction), add it to the `State` struct, then implement the `FromAsyncState` trait for the type (so it can be extracted by the `FromAsyncState` implementation).

Reviewer: I wonder if it wouldn't be better, from a document-source-reading perspective, if this URL were a named reference? You'd change the link here to something like,

```markdown
[newtype][newtype-pat]
```

And waay at the bottom of the file, drop in:
```markdown
[newtype-pat]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch19-04-advanced-types.html#using-the-newtype-pattern-for-type-safety-and-abstraction
```

Reviewer 2: hmm, that's debatable, as most people would read it in rendered form anyway. Definitely could be done though, if @TTWNO thinks it's better that way. If you read the markdown source though, it's definitely better to do it the way you suggest
